azurerm_application_gateway - update the document about `frontend_ip_configuration.public_ip_address_id` (#11741)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/application_gateway.html.markdown

* `private_ip_address` - (Optional) The Private IP Address to use for the Application Gateway.

> * `public_ip_address_id` - (Optional) The ID of a Public IP Address which the Application Gateway should use. The allocation method for the Public IP Address depends on the `sku` of this Application Gateway. Please checkout the [Azure document](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-network/public-ip-addresses#application-gateways) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `public_ip_address_id` - (Optional) The ID of a Public IP Address which the Application Gateway should use. The allocation method for the Public IP Address depends on the `sku` of this Application Gateway. Please refer to the [Azure documentation for public IP addresses](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-network/public-ip-addresses#application-gateways) for details.
```
